All right, so we learned a little bit more
about how to measure a high performing
team and
pay attention to that as a leader.
I've mentioned earlier in some of our
conversations that growth is really
important, right?
You want your team to be growing,
i's that's awesome.
You're gonna be better for
that every individual growing is going
to be better for your team,
your company, it's all good.
So are you as managers
having conversations,
are you having growth
conversations with people?
I've definitely heard of teams,
they're like,
I've never had a growth conversation,
I'm like what, really?
That's a problem, as engineering managers,
you should be setting aside time for
having growth conversations.
It doesn't have to be every week or
month or it doesn't have to be a perfect
cadence, but you should be checking in and
having these conversations.
So, how do you have these conversations?
For me, I think about having
really standard expectations
to understanding baselines of what's
expected of you as an engineer.
It is important for the team to understand
that, what are things that I expect that
if you're committed to a timeline
that you're being communicated if
something's happening and you're not able
to make it, that's an expectation I have.
It's not that you have to make
the timeline cuz we estimate wrong,
we make mistakes we didn't know, we didn't
think of the one dependency, those things,
but I do have a strong expectation
that you're communicating,
you're not leaving until the last
minute to raise concerns.
So setting a baseline standard is
helpful for these conversations but
I think one of the really
important things is
growth means something different
to each and every one of us.
It might be that you wanna be getting
that high level as an engineer.
That's fine, that's growth to someone.
It might be that you just wanna
try a different technology or
you want to lead a project.
You want to grow in your
communication skills,
you wanna grow in your deep
technical database who knows?
Every growth conversation
can be different, but
you wanna be having these individual
conversations and not make assumptions.
So what I like to do is I like to work
on a growth plan with individuals on
the team.
I put a lot of work on each individual
to take some time to reflect and
think about what does growth mean to them.
I don't put them on the spot,
like in our one-on-one I'm not like, hey,
let's we're gonna talk about growth today,
because I think it does take some time.
Some people can be good about
that right off the fly and
maybe they're even telling
you what they want.
But for a lot of us, we need time to
think about it and reflect on that.
So often tell people, hey,
in our next one-on-one or next month,
I would love to have a bit
of a growth conversation.
And I actually have started giving some
high level questions for them to think
about their growth and bring that back so
that we can work together on that.
But I think it is a joint thing
that you're working on together.
As I'm understanding where
someone wants to grow,
what they wanna work on,
maybe what I even wanna see them grow in,
I wanna think about how am
I giving them feedback.
How am I being constructive on that
feedback, but also how I'm giving
a positive feedback like, wow,
that's really great, keep doing that.
I try a little bit more in this area but
that area wow,
you're really getting good at that spot.
You want to give these constant mechanisms
for someone to know how they're doing.
Like I mentioned earlier,
I think it's shared ownership.
I don't want to be it is not my job to
decide your growth if you're on my team,
but I do feel it's some
of my responsibility.
I wanna help you in these areas, some
of it might be that I just have vantage
points to put you in the right position
to tackle a challenge that you've
never dealt with, work on a certain
project, maybe kick you out of my team.
Because there's another challenge
that I can't provide you,
that you wanna go work on some deep
technical thing on the platform and
I manage UI team, I might say here's
this opportunity, I think you should go.
That sucks, I have done that, but
it's better for that person and better for
the company, hopefully,
cuz hopefully they're not having
to leave the company for that.
But being able to find those
opportunities for people is really cool.
Being an advocate for individuals,
similar as finding them opportunities, but
also celebrate those things.
Let your leadership team know where wow,
Sally on my team she's doing amazing
we shouldn't be leveraging her more for
presenting or we should leverage
her more in these areas,
sometimes even just other leaders
knowing about that is really great